README.md, before:

## User Story

AS AN employer
- I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
- SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position

## Acceptance Criteria

- GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
- WHEN I load their portfolio
- THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
- WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
- THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
- WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
- THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
- WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
- THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
- WHEN I click on the images of the applications
- THEN I am taken to that deployed application
- WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
- THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

## Screenshots
![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 34 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/986f022a-40d6-4699-bfd9-73110d0ace40) 
- In this screensahot, it shows the beginning of the <body> section where I added mt header and the navigation bar with the # so when you click on the nav bar, it takes you to the right section.

![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 50 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/e863714b-d4b2-42c4-8315-ef22d84d3880)
- This section shows the "About me", "My work" and "Contact info" sections with the paragraphs, and image in the "my work" section that has a link to challenge 1 where we had to change the HTML to make it more readable, accessible, etc. I made a gallery class so that when I have more projects in the future, I can add them in this section to create a "gallery view."

![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 56 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/03771bf4-e97e-408e-b962-993e3379fd47)
- This section shows the contact-info and the link I added to "Bradyn-Wolkoys" that will take you to my linkedin page.


## Resources
- Link to a youtube video I watched to relearn how to add images to my webpage and how to use different elements to section out my html: https://youtu.be/HGTJBPNC-Gw?feature=shared 
- Link to a youtube video I used to figure out how to put my profile picture and next next to eachother instead of above and below each other: https://youtu.be/Q0KNxDpt71c?feature=shared 
- Link to a webpage I used to figure out how to link a section to a navigation bar that is on the same page: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-links-to-sections-within-the-same-page-in-html/

Commit message:

added the descrition from the module to this readme

README.md, after:

## Description

- A portfolio of work can showcase your skills and talents to employers looking to fill a part-time or full-time position. An effective portfolio highlights your strongest work as well as the thought processes behind it. Students who have portfolios with deployed web applications (meaning they are live on the web) are typically very successful in their career search after the boot camp. This last point can't be stressed enough: having several deployed projects is a minimum requirement to receive an initial interview at many companies.

With these points in mind, in this Challenge you'll set yourself up for future success by applying the core skills you've recently learned: flexbox, media queries, and CSS variables. You'll get to practice your new skills while creating something that you'll use during your job sea

## User Story

AS AN employer
- I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
- SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position

## Acceptance Criteria

- GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
- WHEN I load their portfolio
- THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
- WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
- THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
- WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
- THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
- WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
- THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
- WHEN I click on the images of the applications
- THEN I am taken to that deployed application
- WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
- THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

## Screenshots

![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 34 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/986f022a-40d6-4699-bfd9-73110d0ace40) 
- In this screensahot, it shows the beginning of the <body> section where I added mt header and the navigation bar with the # so when you click on the nav bar, it takes you to the right section.

![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 50 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/e863714b-d4b2-42c4-8315-ef22d84d3880)
- This section shows the "About me", "My work" and "Contact info" sections with the paragraphs, and image in the "my work" section that has a link to challenge 1 where we had to change the HTML to make it more readable, accessible, etc. I made a gallery class so that when I have more projects in the future, I can add them in this section to create a "gallery view."

![Screenshot 2024-07-11 at 10 35 56 AM](https://github.com/bwolkoys/Module2Challenge/assets/172542684/03771bf4-e97e-408e-b962-993e3379fd47)
- This section shows the contact-info and the link I added to "Bradyn-Wolkoys" that will take you to my linkedin page.


## Resources

- Link to a youtube video I watched to relearn how to add images to my webpage and how to use different elements to section out my html: https://youtu.be/HGTJBPNC-Gw?feature=shared 
- Link to a youtube video I used to figure out how to put my profile picture and next next to eachother instead of above and below each other: https://youtu.be/Q0KNxDpt71c?feature=shared 
- Link to a webpage I used to figure out how to link a section to a navigation bar that is on the same page: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-links-to-sections-within-the-same-page-in-html/
